PYTHON-1351 Convert cryptography to an optional dependency (#1164)
datastax/python-driver: docs/installation.rst

    pip install scales

> (*Optional*) Column-Level Encryption (CLE) Support
> --------------------------------------------------
> The driver also now has built-in support for client-side encryption and
> decryption of data.  Please see :doc:`column_encryption` for more detail
> about this feature, including how to configure and use it.  Note that this
> feature relies on the `cryptography <https://cryptography.io/en/latest/>`_ module
> for it's implementation.  The initial release of CLE (in version 3.27.0 of the
> Python driver) explicitly listed cryptography as a required dependency; later
> versions treat this module as an optional requirement.
> 
> If you wish to make use of the CLE feature you will need to install the cryptography
> module.  You can do so by installing the driver with the `cle` requirements::
> 
>     pip install cassandra-driver[cle]
> 
> You can also install the package directly via pip::
> 
>     pip install cryptography

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Optional:* Column-Level Encryption (CLE) Support
--------------------------------------------------
The driver has built-in support for client-side encryption and
decryption of data. Please see :doc:`column_encryption` for more detail
about this feature, including how to configure and use it.  This
feature relies on the `cryptography <https://cryptography.io/en/latest/>`_ module
for its implementation. The initial release of CLE (Python driver 3.27.0) explicitly 
lists cryptography as a required dependency; later
versions allow this module as an optional requirement.

If you want to use the CLE feature, install the cryptography
module.

You can installing the driver with the `cle` requirements::

    pip install cassandra-driver[cle]

Alternatively, you can also install the package directly via `pip`::

    pip install cryptography
```

    pip install scales

*Optional:* Column-Level Encryption (CLE) Support
--------------------------------------------------
The driver has built-in support for client-side encryption and
decryption of data. Please see :doc:`column_encryption` for more detail
about this feature, including how to configure and use it.  This
feature relies on the `cryptography <https://cryptography.io/en/latest/>`_ module
for its implementation. The initial release of the CLE feature in Python driver 3.27.0
explicitly listed cryptography as a required dependency; as a result the module will be
automatically downloaded and installed when that version of the driver is installed.
Later versions of the driver do not specify this module as a requirement, so if you
want to use the CLE feature with a version of the driver after 3.27.0 you will need

> to take additional steps to install the cryptography module.

Author: I could see this change being a source of confusion so I wanted to very explicitly spell out the differences between the versions.  It's a bit more verbose but I'd argue this is a case where we want to provide a bit more information to make the constraints clear to our users.

> *Optional:* Column-Level Encryption (CLE) Support
> --------------------------------------------------
> The driver has built-in support for client-side encryption and
> decryption of data. Please see :doc:`column_encryption` for more detail
> about this feature, including how to configure and use it.  This
> feature relies on the `cryptography <https://cryptography.io/en/latest/>`_ module
> for its implementation. The initial release of the CLE feature in Python driver 3.27.0
> explicitly listed cryptography as a required dependency; as a result the module will be
> automatically downloaded and installed when that version of the driver is installed.
> Later versions of the driver do not specify this module as a requirement, so if you
> want to use the CLE feature with a version of the driver after 3.27.0 you will need
> to take additional steps to install the cryptography module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Optional:* Column-Level Encryption (CLE) Support
--------------------------------------------------
The driver has built-in support for client-side encryption and
decryption of data. For more, see :doc:`column_encryption`.  

CLE depends on the Python `cryptography <https://cryptography.io/en/latest/>`_ module. 
When installing Python driver 3.27.0. the `cryptography` module is 
also downloaded and installed.
If you are using Python driver 3.28.0 or later and want to use CLE, you must
install the `cryptography <https://cryptography.io/en/latest/>`_ module.
```

You can install this module along with the driver by specifying the `cle` extra::

    pip install cassandra-driver[cle]

Alternatively, you can also install the module directly via `pip`::

    pip install cryptography

Any version of cryptography >= 35.0 will work for the CLE feature.  You can find additional

> details at `PYTHON-1351 <https://datastax-oss.atlassian.net/browse/PYTHON-1351>`_

Author: I meant to include the link to the relevant JIRA ticket in my initial version and just forgot it.  We don't have any other links to PYTHON tickets in this doc but it seemed like a good idea for this case which (as discussed above) is a bit more complicated than a normal doc change.
